# CS465_FullStackDevelopment

Utilizing express HTML, JavaScript for front end was simple. The front end development using Express, used languages such as HTML, CSS, and Javascript to manipulate code. A lot of the images had to be stored in a separate folder so that you could reference it in code.  The front end development was a bit more manageable, however it was also a bit sloppy. There was a lot to manage when it comes to working with Express. However when it came to transitioning to SPA, it was a little more complicated with making sure everything was connected to each file and service correctly, but the file management was a lot simpler.  There was a lot more debugging when it came to developing the SPA. For the backend of the project, it used NoSQL MongoDB database because it improves performance and it is more scalable. 
  JSON and JavaScript are majorly different from each other. JSON handles things from the back end and front end, together, instead of working separately. JavaScript is more of a backend language to connect mainly HTML together. There were a few instances where in the full stack process: figure out how to connect the MongoDB to the express project was rather difficult. I was having issues with the seedgoose command not being recognized when I typed it in the windows command prompt. It was a lot of trial and error before getting it to work correctly.
  The use of layering security, one of the key components of programming (and web development), helps to ensure that your product isn’t easily hackable. (Especially if you are developing for websites that are going to hold classified information such as login, personal information,  etc. The use of encryption helps to ensure that the personal data isn’t plainly open. The use of endpoints helps ensure that each the platforms works fine on each platform. The creation of methods ensures that each block of code is organized correctly by its function. 
   This course has given me an idea of what to expect if I were to pursue this career. I have learned how to debug certain bugs. I also have learned how to apply Express and MongoDB as well as SPA. 
